So now let's have a look at one specific option when
creating AMI, which is a No-Reboot option.
So it allows you to create an AMI without first
shutting down your EC2 instance.
And by default it's not selected,
that means that any time we want to create an AMI
we want to shut down the instance before creating the AMI
and this is to maintain the file system integrity.
So this is what happens.
So with the No-Reboot disabled,
if we want to initiate creating an AMI,
the instance is first shut shutdown.
Then after shutdown,
the attached EBS volume will get
a snapshot taken into an EBS snapshot.
And then the EBS snapshot will be converted into an AMI.
Now if you enable the No-Reboot option,
then your EC2 instance that is currently running,
will get a snapshot directly made
onto its running attached EBS volume
and then the image will be created.
So the risk here is to not have a file system integrity.
Also, any OS operating system buffer will not be flushed to
the disc before the snapshot is created.
So you need to make sure that you know what you're doing
when you're creating an AMI
while the instance is still running.
Now, why do I say this?
Well, because when you use the backup service in AWS,
you can create a backup plan
and this allows you to create an AMI.
Now, the backup service does not reboot the instances while
taking EBS snapshot,
so by default, the only option actually
is to have the no-reboot behavior.
That means that when you use AWS backup on Amazon EC2,
the AMIs will be created using the parameter
no-reboots that the instances are not being interrupted
while they're functioning.
So that means that when you use the backup plans,
this will not help you guarantee that the file system will
have its integrity, okay?
Because you will need to reboot the instance first.
And so, as an alternative,
if you wanted to have a scheduled backup of your Amazon
EC2 instance into an AMI,
you could create an EventBridge rule.
So for example, you could create a schedule
which will invoke the Lambda function once every week.
The Lambda function will have its own code to create an AMI,
okay, create an image,
with this time with the reboot option.
In this case, then the Amazon EC2
will be rebooting and an AMI will be created.
So if you have a running instance and you want to see
the option, very simple, right click
and then you do Image and templates, Create Image.
So just like before and in here,
you have no reboot enabled.
And this allows you for your instance to have it snapshot
taken without an AMI being created
without it rebooting first.
So you need to use it at your own risk.
And this is the option that is used by default
when using the backup service.
That's all I wanted to show you in this lecture.
So I can just go ahead and cancel my window.
So that's it.
I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.